[docs] Add docker image publishing docs (#4433)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/integrations/pages/docker.adoc

VIVIDUS Docker images are built and pushed to https://hub.docker.com/r/vividus/vividus/tags[Docker Hub]. The image includes Java runtime, VIVIDUS core and all VIVIDUS plugins, so it's all-in-one solution. The Docker image enables easier extension of CI/CD pipelines with VIVIDUS-based tests. The appliance is not limited to CI/CD and the image can be used to run tests locally or anywhere else, however it could be less convenient in comparison with regular Gradle task or IDE.

> == How to build an image with tests and publish to Docker registry

Reviewer: I think it should go after `== How to run the tests`

> The building and publishing process can be configured by using environment variables or https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_environment.html#sec:gradle_configuration_properties[project properties], please note than configuration defined using environment variables takes presedence over configuration defined using project properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The building and publishing process is configured using environment variables or https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_environment.html#sec:gradle_configuration_properties[project properties], please note the configuration defined using environment variables takes precedence over the configuration defined using project properties.
```

[cols="2,1,3", options="header"]
|===

|Environment variable
|Project property
|Required
|Description

|`DOCKER_REGISTRY_URL`
|`docker.registry-url`
|`false`

> |The docker registry URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The URL of Docker registry to publish image to
```

|`DOCKER_REPOSITORY_PATH`
|`docker.repository-path`
|`true`
a| For https://hub.docker.com/[Docker Hub] the repository path is the Docker Hub username
For private docker registries the repository path should follow `<registry host>/<repository name>` pattern e.g. `myapps.jfrog.io/tests-docker-release`

|`DOCKER_REGISTRY_USERNAME`

> |`none`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|
```

> |`true` if `DOCKER_REGISTRY_PASSWORD` is set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`false`
```

> |The docker registry username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The docker registry username, if it's set, the password must be specified as well
```

|`DOCKER_REGISTRY_PASSWORD`
|`none`
|`true` if `DOCKER_REGISTRY_USERNAME` is set
|The docker registry password

|===

. Assuming there is a project containing VIVIDUS-based tests (e.g. https://github.com/vividus-framework/vividus-starter[VIVIDUS Starter])
. Go to the project root directory
+
[source,bash]
----
cd vividus-starter
----

. Build and publish docker image with tests to docker registry
+
[source,bash]
----
./gradlew pushTestsImage
----

> 

Reviewer: we need also section how to run tests using this image

Reviewer: also it makes sense to describe what is the basement of tests image

    * `snowflake-jdbc` (Snowflake)

IMPORTANT: VIVIDUS Docker image doesn't contain any browsers.

== How to build an image with tests and publish it to Docker registry

The image is built using the https://hub.docker.com/r/vividus/vividus[VIVIDUS docker image] as its base, and its version aligns with the version of VIVIDUS used in the project. The final image name is derived from the project name, and the image tag reflects the version of the tests.

> WARNING: Its advisible to use release versions of VIVIDUS in your project when building images with tests as the previously pulled snapshot version of VIVIDUS docker image used as a base image may differ from the latest snapshot version of VIVIDUS docker image available on Docker Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: It's advisible to use release versions of VIVIDUS in your project when building images with tests as the previously pulled snapshot version of VIVIDUS docker image used as a base image may differ from the latest snapshot version of VIVIDUS docker image available on Docker Hub.
```
